Hi,
I'm Alex,
and this is Houston,
and we're here to take you through your dog's transition
to the farmer's dog.
By getting started,
you've already made a great decision for your dog's health.
Real,
whole ingredients can support digestion,
energy,
and overall wellness.
And you've already taken the first step.
In this course,
we'll walk you through what to expect during your dog's 1st 30 days on fresh food,
from early adjustments to the positive changes ahead,
so that you don't have any problems.
Right,
Houston?
By the end,
you'll feel confident recognizing what's normal,
what's exciting,
and how to support your dog every step of the way.